HDDS-5508. Add documentation regarding access encrypted buckets from S3G (#2504)
apache/ozone: hadoop-hdds/docs/content/security/SecuringTDE.md

Server and read the key and decrypt it. In other words, the data stored
inside Ozone is always encrypted. The fact that data is encrypted at rest
will be completely transparent to the clients and end users.

### Using Transparent Data Encryption from S3G

To use TDE from S3 interface, it can be done in 2 ways.

####1. Create a bucket using shell under "/s3v" volume

  ```bash
  ozone sh bucket create -k encKey /s3v/encryptedBucket
  ```
####2. Create a link to an encrypted bucket under "/s3v" volume

  ```bash
  ozone sh bucket create -k encKey /vol/encryptedBucket
  ozone sh bucket link  /vol/encryptedBucket /s3v/linkencryptedbucket
  ```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: An encrypted bucket cannot be created via S3 APIs. It must be done using Ozone shell commands as shown above.
```

> After this, all the keys created using s3g in the buckets will be encrypted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating an encrypted bucket, all the keys added to this bucket using s3g will be encrypted.
```

> In non-secure mode, the user running the S3Gateway is the proxy user, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In non-secure mode, the user running the S3Gateway daemon process is the proxy user, 
```

> while in secure mode the user in Kerberos keytab is the proxy user. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while in secure mode the user accessing the S3Gateway is the proxy user. 
```

Author: Accessing means here keytab user implicitly?

Reviewer: Yes, Bharat. I don't have a strong opinion here. Since keytab is used only for the first time and only access key and secret key will be used to access the S3G, I used "accessing the S3G".

Author: No, here it is explaining which user is proxying  so in secure case it is the kerberos keytab of s3g.

Reviewer: Oh, yes, you are right. It will be the "ozone.s3g.kerberos.keytab.file" that will be the proxy user

Reviewer: I have updated the suggestion

S3Gateway proxy's all the users accessing the encrypted buckets to decrypt the key. 
For this purpose on security enabled cluster, during S3Gateway server startup 
logins using configured 
**ozone.s3g.kerberos.keytab.file**  and **ozone.s3g.kerberos.principal**. 

> Below 2 configuration need to be added to kms-site.xml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below two configurations must be added to the kms-site.xml to allow the S3Gateway principal to act as a proxy for other users.
```

> The below two configurations must be added to the kms-site.xml to allow the S3Gateway principal to act as a proxy for other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The below two configurations must be added to the kms-site.xml to allow the S3Gateway principal to act as a proxy for other users. In this example, "ozone.s3g.kerberos.principal" is assumed to be "s3g"
```
